add Electron switches documentation (#2295)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/api/plugins/browser-launch-api.md

}
```

## Modify Electron app switches

Cypress Test Runner is an Electron application, and its behavior (and the behavior of the bundled-in Electron browser) can be customized using command line switches. The supported switches depend on the Electron version, see {% url "Electron documentation" https://electronjs.org/docs/api/chrome-command-line-switches/history %}.

> Unfortunately, because one needs to pass these switches before the Cypress itself loads, you cannot use the plugins file. Instead you need to use an environment variable `ELECTRON_EXTRA_LAUNCH_ARGS`. For example, to disable HTTP browser cache and ignore certificate errors, open or run the Cypress Test Runner like this:

Reviewer: It's not that unfortunate :) 

```suggestion
You can pass Electron-specific launch arguments using the `ELECTRON_EXTRA_LAUNCH_ARGS` environment variable. For example, to disable HTTP browser cache and ignore certificate errors, open or run the Cypress Test Runner like this:
```

```shell
export ELECTRON_EXTRA_LAUNCH_ARGS=--disable-http-cache --ignore-certificate-errors
npx cypress open|run
```

> Cypress code already sets some of the Electron command line switches, see file {% url "packages/server/lib/environment.coffee" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/blob/develop/packages/server/lib/environment.coffee %}. Unfortunately, there is no way to see all currently set switches after Electron's launch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cypress already sets some the Electron command line switches internally. See file {% url "packages/server/lib/environment.coffee" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/blob/develop/packages/server/lib/environment.coffee %}. There is no way to see all currently set switches after Electron's launch.
```
